From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comic Harmontown is now in session!
Let's take this moment to realize that the music that you're hearing over the last three
episodes, and this one currently made you, for you, by Shorty White.
It's so fucking awesome!
It's bringing us Spencer Crittenden, everybody!
Rob Schwab!
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank you!
Can I get a collective you?
Yeah, Dave Kline, that's a reference to Dave Kline for new subscribers.
Dave Kline, can I tell, is it okay to talk about the gift you gave me on the sidewalk?
The gift of unsolicited handjobs.
It was a big giant gold joint.
The paper was gold.
24 karat.
And I recently have over-vaped, so I was like, I'll do the Dave Kline joint.
And the last couple of weekends, I've, like, that's some serious fucking yupin.
That was burpin.
Made my brain go yup.
What is that? Is that the Indica or the Sativa?
There's a really magnificent Sativa board there.
Okay, so Sativa, that's my jam.
Now, someone write that down, because I can never remember.
Because my mnemonic device was, like, I would get high and then I would go, all right, all right, I get too high on Indica.
And then the next time I'd get high, I'd be like, I, what is it? I love Indica.
What's with the gold, the gold paper? There's paper around it that's gold? What's up with that?
I don't know.
What's up with that?
So, game-recognized game.
Game-recognized game, he told you.
Oh, I still don't know.
That's a reference from an old episode of Harmontown where Kumail was out here, right?
Oh, God, I miss Kumail so much.
We lost Kumail to Hollywood.
You know what? Fuck Kumail.
Fuck Kumail.
Like, if Kumail, if he came out right now, I'd punch him in his fucking face.
Kumail Najiani, everybody!
What? No!
No!
You know what? Punch him, Dan. Punch him.
You know, I haven't been here in a while, but I haven't changed. I'm still the same guy.
I've always been.
We were worried, Kumail, that Hollywood might have changed you a bit.
Oh, no, no, no.
The Covert of Wired magazine might have changed.
No, no, dude, you know me. I'm grounded as fuck.
Both feet on the ground. Nothing is different about me.
Okay, not to spring a pop quiz on you, but name three of Dr. Friend's attributes.
He's just very grounded.
Who's Dr. Friend?
Wasn't that his old D&D character?
I mean, his old D&D character is wrong on many levels.
I mean, he never played him, I don't think, right?
No, I played...
Once, right?
Christopher, and I played Dr. Friend.
What's with the crown?
Oh, oh, this, yeah, I'm sorry, he was cold.
I was gonna say, it's great that Harmontown has evolved to the point where people are doing walk-on bits now, you know?
Yeah, heavily visual bits for a podcast.
Last week, Schrab was vacuuming the podium or some shit?
That was great.
What was the bit there?
I was vacuuming the podium.
It was great for the listeners at home.
Why were you vacuuming the podium?
Rob found a giant stand-up, old-timey, standing vacuum.
It was dirty.
And he actually vacuumed my...
This is the world's largest podium, right?
Yeah, has it gotten bigger since?
It feels like it's like growing and encroaching.
Hey, thank you for noticing, Camille.
By the way, dad has not said a fucking word.
He was distracted because Laffy Pants is back.
I'm sorry, it's his laugh.
Who's Laffy Pants?
He's the happiest guy in the world.
You can't yell at him for having a laugh.
His laugh is present.
He's the guy.
Everyone's always like, who's that laughing?
No, but that was a different guy.
Yeah, it's a different guy.
Oh, wait, what the...
Yeah.
Well, tell him whatever...
Oh, we know, right?
All right.
Well, I don't get it.
I don't get what's so funny.
And now I've done it.
Now I feel like I've done a terrible thing.
What have you done?
Who's the original Laffy Guy?
That's Doug.
And we have a new Laffy Guy?
Yes.
Now, I mean...
Yeah, you've served the laughing crowd.
There you go.
More than those two people laugh during the show, I hope.
I know, but you heard his laugh.
And now you can't hear it.
Now I feel like...
We killed it.
Yeah, computers.
Is there a way to isolate each of their laughs
and have like an American Idol Laff Off kind of thing?
What if we have a Laff Off right now?
Who can do the greatest thing?
All right, so nobody...
Nobody else is allowed to laugh.
Except for Laff...
By the way, this is great like for a comedy show.
Don't laugh.
We're doing a thing.
Okay, Schrab, make...
Doug...
It's not my show.
And Kumail hasn't been here in a while.
Yeah, I don't know how this works anymore.
Right.
Help him out.
Is there a way to isolate each laugh
so we can find out what makes each laugh different and special
in its own way?
No.
I don't think there's a way to do that.
Spencer, I think you're selling the show short.
I think probably if I told a joke...
But it has to be a joke that's only funny to one...
Yeah, exactly.
One of those two and nobody else.
Can we isolate like with a laser, Dan,
tell each of them like singularly a joke?
Yeah, like what's funny to you?
What's your favorite like topic that's funny
that nobody else thinks is funny?
Time travel.
He likes time travel, Dan.
Tell him a time travel joke.
Tell him a time...
I already told you one yesterday.
No, the point is...
This is what I was saying.
Stop laughing!
Stop it!
You're fucking up this shit!
You're fucking up the bit!
Now stop laughing!
Please tell the joke again.
Stop it!
I already told him the joke 30 seconds ago.
Okay.
All right, we got a taste of that.
It's not going to work at all.
No, no, no.
I got a taste of that.
I'm not a fan, so it's yours to lose.
Oh, yeah.
He won.
But think of the guy behind him.
You gave him that crown and the guy behind him is like,
so now his laugh and his head?
I'm hyper-conscious.
I want everyone to be happy.
Laffer guy number two.
What is your name?
Lewis.
We have Doug and Lewis.
Laffer one, Laffer two.
Throughout the show, we're going to find out.
We're going to...
I'll keep an eye on this.
I have a little chart over here.
I'm going to be graphing their laughter.
It's the worst.
They feel like a supervillain.
I'm like, who's laughing so mirthily?
It's terrible.
What do we need?
Yeah, the hero we need.
Maybe this is the one we deserve.
All right, now that I've cooled down the crowd,
we have a lot of friends here tonight.
And I want to...
We have a friend here, you know.
Yeah, hello, Dan.
I haven't seen you in a week.
I thought we were drifting apart,
but it's good to know that we're still friends.
I just saw you at dinner.
Have you ever eaten dinner with Rob Schrab in a restaurant?
No, what's it like?
It's awesome.
Is it like the waiters?
Are there any specials in the tropes?
Are there any specials?
Is it that shit?
It has been.
Well, let me ask you this.
The male, do you like vines at any point?
Do you...
Do you really enjoy vines?
Like vines, yeah, like on the Vine app.
Do you like vines?
Do you like the vines?
They're vines.
I feel like I'm being set up for some vines.
Have you ever enjoyed a vine at all?
Are you familiar with vines?
Do you like vines in your mouth?
Yeah, I've enjoyed a vine or two in my day.
Would you like the person sitting next to you in a public restaurant
to watch his favorite vines at full volume?
Well, you don't talk to me.
I'm sitting there waiting for my food, food like a boob.
I tell you, turn it down.
You don't respond to that.
And then I go, what do you want to talk about?
Yeah, because I'm fucking like...
I'm writing down on my phone into my Harmontown topic list.
Talk about this guy.
Fucking address this shit.
Attention must be paid.
What was the vine that was...
I'll be the mediator.
What was the vine that was so urgent?
There's a couple of them.
Yeah, the best one was one that definitely involved a fart
because it was like on a loop.
Wobba-jobba!
And people are just looking and...
What is the restaurant?
What restaurant?
What's the level of restaurant we're talking about?
Spargos.
No, it was Chibo across the street, but it's a fucking club.
Chibo?
You're McDonald's?
I see people who are Chibo all the time.
No!
What was the...
Let's listen to it and see.
You ready for some fun?
Are you ready for some fun?
If they're in awards or world's best podcasts
what is the Emmy...
If they're in Emmys or Toneys or…
He's thinking...
I don't think anybody could hear it.
Was that this was happening today, earlier today?
Yeah.
Everybody was in time.
And everybody else was having a ball.
Everybody was like, oh, I want to look at it.
Oh, my God.
It's so funny.
So funny.
This is great.
Oh, my God.
You sent me to...
And then...
Bum, bum, bum.
Just turn it down.
Dan says, stop.
Can you please turn down your vine?
I'm trying to eat my bread here.
I don't say that.
Your vines are disrupting my enjoyment of this.
I'm not mine.
Strangers.
They were loving it, too.
A guy on the way out was like, hey, you know, I'm not a fan of that shit, but you really,
you know, took it above.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Well, just...
You don't know.
This is you, like, blinders.
You don't care.
I'm the only one that's aware of strangers in public when I'm with you.
You know, I've missed this.
All right.
Chris?
Yeah.
Let's bring out a friend of yours.
Yeah, bring up our friend.
A new friend of mine.
He's...
Well, you know, look.
Here's the thing.
Hulu has an original series called Ghost Balloon.
It's about a guy with a ghost balloon.
That's right.
You've seen the billboards.
Yeah.
It's a guy holding a balloon.
It's a ghost.
Yeah.
It's actually called Dead Beat.
It's a Hulu original series.
It's about a guy named Pac who can see ghosts and he helps them finish their...
I saw it on one of those bus stop couches.
Yeah.
And I never got...
Couches.
Bus stop couches.
Are you a Beverly Hill Billy?
Yes.
For people that don't live in LA, if you live somewhere else, our bus stops have couches.
I always like the tagline of this show because I don't...
Because it's...
He helps ghosts, can't help himself.
And I don't know if it's like, is it...
He helps ghosts.
He can't help himself.
Or he helps ghosts.
Well, let's get some information.
Please welcome Tyler Labine.
Wow.
That was a classic, classic introduction to a guy that you really don't know.
Yeah.
I really... Thank you for dressing up for the show, by the way.
You're dressed for a night in.
I got my pink flamingo shorts on.
I don't know if anybody's noticed that, but...
I'm jealous.
I mean, you know, not everyone can pull these off.
I'm jealous of those shorts.
I'm jealous of those calves.
They're muscular, muscular calves.
Yeah.
Spencer, you have great calves, Spencer.
My calves are great, yeah.
And yet you still aspire to Tyler's calves.
Yeah.
I find that from carrying around this, this giant lumbering frame,
I tend to get very, very nice definition in my calves.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You guys know guys who wear shorts a lot because you're fat.
You know what I'm talking about.
Tyler, the fourth season of Deadbeat.
No, no.
The impending fourth season of Deadbeat.
The third, yeah.
This is the third one.
The third is about to come out on Wednesday, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Unless you had a question about the upcoming potential fourth season.
Yes.
Put a pin in it.
Yeah.
We'll come back to that one in like a year from now.
It's because my girlfriend co-created the show,
so I'm used to talking about the fourth season as the impending season.
Yeah, yeah.
The third season is about to air.
Yeah, or it's about to drop, as they say.
It's about to drop entirely in binge fashion.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, in classic binging fashion.
On Hulu.
And by the way, people think that I'm paid,
I mean, I am paid by Hulu, not to be here,
but I think that Hulu, does anybody have Hulu?
Okay, that's a fucking dope platform.
Is it not?
Again, I don't want to come off as one of those guys.
Guys, I know I'm on a show on Hulu, but Hulu.
Hulu's rad.
No, Hulu is rad.
It's good shit.
It's not as good as CISO though.
None of you have CISO.
Talk about a rad platform!
Platform fight.
Platform wars.
Go 90.
HBO's been doing some cool stuff recently.
HBO?
HBO Canada's got some pretty tight shit too.
Is that what Deadbeat is on over there?
No, no, no.
We're not quality enough for HBO Canada.
I like Vines.
All right.
I would like to see that Vines later by the way.
I'll show it to you.
Oh no.
Let's continue over there.
Wait, wait, wait.
I got it.
What the...
For the listeners at home, he's going through his Vines.
I'll get you a good one.
That was the whole thing.
I was waiting for it to start.
It's a dog.
It's going to be on the back of it.
It turns around he's wearing sunglasses.
Well, now I get it.
Now it is funny.
That's funny.
I didn't catch it.
That's an away homer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I want you to explain it.
That's an away homer, man.
All right.
I was like up till 3.30 in the morning and I'm texting my friends like Vines.
I text it to Kate and I hear from like the bedroom.
It's like 3.30 in the morning.
I'm trying to sleep.
All right.
Well, someone's got to run this.
Can I just check in right now, I'm keeping a flow chart of Doug and Lewis' laughs.
Right now, I have a Venn diagram.
The center circle is Crypt Keeper.
And then there's two offshoots, which is joy and evil.
And right now, they're completely tied.
They're joyful slash evil Crypt Keepers.
I'll keep you informed that there's a little update.
They're both fine.
You don't feel embarrassed, did you, Lewis?
I didn't mean to.
I mean, obviously, I didn't mean to.
Why is this guy got a wheel like on his lap?
We're looking and no one's addressed the wheel in the room.
He's got a wheel in it.
What's the wheel?
Show the wheel.
It's a star of David.
It's like it's a juicicle.
It's a juicicle.
What's a juicicle?
It's a frozen treat that comes out around Ramadan, but it's kosher.
It's like a pentacle, but it's Jew because it's a star of David.
Is that a functioning tire for your bike?
Doesn't it have a cup holder on it?
A motorized unicycle?
You couldn't leave it at home?
How would he have gotten here if he'd left it at home?
Also, how many balls do you have calling that out?
I saw a guy holding a big metal round thing in his lap, and I was like,
what if he stood up and that's how he breathes?
The guy was like, leave that alone.
The guy's got equipment.
There's no room.
You gotta stand.
It's a standing unicycle.
That's why it's cheaper.
No, no. There's no way. What are you talking about?
All right.
This is...
This is a terrible idea.
I'm very nervous right now.
The front row is so upset about this.
It's a joke. It doesn't actually work, does it?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
You did it. Best podcast ever.
I have a question.
Nick in his magical juicicle.
That was amazing.
I have a question. I have two questions.
I have a thousand questions.
Are you Jewish?
I'm 63.125.
That's such a Jew answer.
Our next guest is my insurance agent.
By the way, that would have easily, like, eight people could have sued us.
What I'm blown away by is the engineering of that.
Like, how does that work? That's so cool.
Upon first viewing, that looks like an impossible feat that you just did.
So the pedals just spin.
Like, the inside, the rim, if you will, spun independently of them.
I was like, that doesn't make any sense.
Does the star of David, is that an important functional piece,
or is that just for design purposes?
It's structural. It's structurally very sound.
Is it called a JunoCycle?
Did he say that? What's what it's called?
A JewCycle.
He said JewCycle.
I got it mixed up.
Can you walk faster than you can do that?
Walk faster.
You don't know.
That's not a more efficient way to get around.
Nick, try walking, and then you don't have to carry that thing around.
Nick, I'm assuming it's a lot harder than riding a regular Unicycle with a seat, right?
Well, it took me about a week and a half to learn to ride a regular Unicycle,
and this took me six weeks.
Six weeks, okay.
But you had already learned how to ride a regular Unicycle.
So, yes.
Let's not start from scratch.
Can you pick that up first?
I have a question. Why?
Are you like a performer?
I'm a serious question. Are you like a performer,
or is it just like you were like, I want to do this?
Well, I just think, well, I learned how to ride a Unicycle,
and I got bored with it, and then I found this on YouTube,
and I said, I want to do that.
I want to try it.
That makes sense.
Not here, not on this stage, but I want to try it.
But isn't there like a chain that you can lock it up outside?
I like that he's assuming people are going to steal it.
Well, I mean, you can't just leave it laying out.
Someone would steal it, but I guess like...
Nick, do you want to set it down up here?
Yeah, you can put it up there for the sake of your neighbors.
Yeah, just the streets of Los Angeles are on that thing.
All right. Jeff just left with it.
Sid, it's been stolen.
So that proves the theory right there.
Tyler, tell us about your show Deadbeat.
That's a nice natural segue.
I can't stop thinking.
I thought that was like a Captain America shield.
I thought you were sitting there holding like a shield,
but just got it like really wrong.
Wouldn't lift it up.
But then all I saw was a little bit of steel and rubber,
and I just assumed like that may be holding that man's body together.
And Schrab's like, what's with that shit?
I was like, oh man.
I did have like a half second of...
It might be a collapsible wheelchair.
Right, right, right.
This could go badly.
Touchy subject.
Anyways, Deadbeat.
Yes, Deadbeat.
I can't seem to make myself talk about this show.
My boss is in the audience too.
Your girlfriend.
I should probably talk about it.
Yeah, it's the third season.
I think you covered a lot of it.
I hold a ghost balloon.
I hold a balloon a lot.
There's a lot of yellow in the show.
Is balloon actually a part of it?
Oh, balloon's a big part of the show.
Yeah, balloon's a big part of the show.
I mean, at least for the first like season,
and then people realize that balloon was not...
It always seemed to me...
Super.
You and the balloon are kind of like a Sam and Diane kind of thing.
Like, will they want that?
Yeah, will they want that?
It's like, are they or aren't they?
You know?
Will they want they?
It always seemed to me when I was driving by those billboards,
when I knew what the show was,
that I would look at the key art and I would go,
okay, somebody at Hulu decided that they didn't want the show
to be perceived as like a nerdy show
because it's really about a guy who can see ghosts
and who helps them finish their business.
That's what the show's like.
It has nothing to do with the balloon, honestly.
So then the key art seems to be engineered to be like,
yeah, but it's about people too.
Yeah, and I think somebody in R&D was like,
and yellow makes people think happy thoughts
and it also makes them hungry.
So we should use yellow.
What's that?
Is it a drama or a comedy?
It's a comedy.
It literally has nothing to do with balloons.
It has nothing to do with it.
No.
Well, it's a good pitch for a show,
which the key art never really made clear,
which is that it's a dude who can see ghosts,
but he's a loser.
I'm a total fucking loser.
Oh, so it's drug addicts.
And he can't help himself.
Yeah, your first instinct was right.
Yeah.
Okay.
No, he can't help himself.
But do you...
and been helping the ghosts?
Yeah, I can help them, but I can't help myself.
You can't help yourself helping them?
No, I think you're hung up on that.
Okay.
I really am.
Yeah, I guess now it's become less about the emphasis.
So you're a loser.
You can't help yourself, but you can help these ghosts.
Yeah, I can help other people,
but I don't know how to make my own life work,
if that makes sense.
But here are some reasons to watch the show,
even though it's already been on for nine seasons.
Yeah.
You're going at your tenth season now, right?
Yeah, the eleventh season is coming out.
I was just at the premiere of, well,
and you showed episode 311, which, you know,
they're all dropping at the same time on 420,
Pneumonic device.
Check it out, 420.
I saw the, it was the LARPing one.
Yeah.
It was very cohesive.
I was from talking to my lover,
who helped create the show.
Talk about that one.
Her insights of like, oh, there's like,
you know, this fact of serializing this,
I was like, oh, I'm not going to understand,
I'm just dropping into the thing,
but that's a nice little episode about it.
Yeah, it was a good little stand-align.
That's why they put it on at the premiere party.
At the premiere, because they were afraid
there would be new viewers at the premiere.
Yeah, like, what the fuck is this all about?
They'd be judging it like, fuck this, I don't get it.
I end up here.
They knew I was coming.
But yeah, we lampooned pretty much every, like,
style of film.
And, you know, we did the LARPing thing.
We did the Thomas Crown affair.
I almost said Crown Royal affair.
We do like a fight club one.
Yeah.
Who said tight?
Sight.
Who said that?
Velvet, nice tight velvet bag, bro.
He raised his hand like with devil horn,
which is the least surprising thing
for a guy who just yelled tight to do.
And then take a bow.
On brand.
That guy is holding it like a giant tall boy
Takate right there.
Perfect.
Huh?
Yeah.
You're not?
What is that?
The tall boy.
Yeah.
It's a strong arena.
Yeah, so that's basically the show.
It's like, I feel like, did you guys know
Being There, Peter Sellers?
Yeah.
That was what I, I know Cody had a different
inspiration for the show, but I always like
to liken the character to Chauncey Gardner.
He's just an idiot who's failing upwards
and can't, can't help himself.
I have a question.
Are there a different ghost each episode
or are there, you have like a crew of ghosts
that you're afraid of?
No, it's like a ghost of the week.
And we have one, we did have one ghost
that followed, which was sort of the
balloon, I guess, if it had to be.
Do you have like a ghost?
Is there like a blob?
He was a blob.
Is there like a underwater ghost?
Or there's like a ghost like bull or something
like that.
And there's like, you know, like,
That's not like people, like dead, like normal,
like just dead people.
There's like, like a mummy, but it's a ghost mummy.
It's a guy who's, who's wrapped up with bandages
and he just suffocated so he came back as a ghost.
Tyler, Tyler, keep going, you're getting close.
Rob is unemployed right now.
He's trying to, he's trying to pitch himself
as a director.
He's just trying to get some shit going.
So this is a fantasy of yours.
You want to play a ghost mummy on a...
Yeah, I want to watch it.
Oh, you want to watch it?
Okay.
I don't really, yeah.
How long are the people who are ghosts?
How long have they been dead?
Are they like recent?
Or is it also like from 1800s?
It's like dinosaurs.
There we go.
Let's just keep it to people.
Just keep it to people.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, I mean...
There's a good episode.
A ghost dinosaur.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
You guys see a whole like language barrier thing
would come up.
Yeah.
You know.
There would be misunderstandings all over the place.
It would be cuckoo.
What business would a dinosaur need to finish?
Yeah, I don't know.
That would be all.
If that was possible.
Yeah.
There would be ghost dinosaurs everywhere
because they all...
They never...
Yeah.
They're a fucking meteor hit.
Well, maybe that was their business.
They were kind of like, maybe they stuck around
because he was like,
we kind of need you to help us like solve
this whole extinction thing.
Yeah.
Could you go back and help us?
But that would be every episode.
That would be like your static.
You'd be like,
are you a fucking dinosaur?
You died in a meteor.
Yeah.
Maybe they're after the meteor.
What?
Revenge.
Oh, we do have a meteor after the meteor.
Oh, they're a ghost.
They hate meteors.
Yeah.
Tyler, would you like a drink?
Do you...
I'm gonna...
My doctor told me not to drink anymore
after Wednesday night.
This is a true story.
What happened?
I just exploded.
My whole insides exploded basically.
What kind of doctor do you have
if that's the diagnosis he's giving you?
Are you a ghost?
Yeah, basically.
Hey, he helped himself.
I have looked.
No, he could find me.
Help himself.
Is that why the billboard doesn't...
It's just you and a balloon?
Because you're the ghost?
Yeah.
Finally.
You guys finally got it.
You got it.
A short answer is no.
Thank you, Dan.
I'm okay.
Whoa!
Right through.
Oh!
Whoa!
But you're touching me.
You're physically touching me.
No, I didn't.
I can't.
You're a ghost.
Wait, but what happened with the...
What happened on Wednesday night?
Oh, now that I just drank a lot on Wednesday night,
and I've been having...
I've been having a lot of gastrointestinal issues, guys.
A lot of diarrhea.
A lot of unexplained sounds and pains,
and I've just been drinking my way through it,
which my wife thinks is a bad idea.
My doctor does, too.
I saw you at the premiere.
Yeah, and I was drinking a lot.
And you were like,
I can't wait to come drink on the show.
Yeah, I was like,
I'm gonna bring you a bottle of booze and everything.
And I was like,
there's booze there.
And you were like,
yeah, but there won't be enough.
And then we split up,
and then you walked into the spinning propeller of a plane.
Yeah.
And I died, and now I'm here.
Yeah, no.
Basically, my doctor...
This is so stupid.
Why am I fucking telling this?
No, this is important.
Are you kidding me?
This is the second act of any hermitage.
I'm not kidding you right now,
but I was moments ago.
There are issues going on with me and my guts.
We are yet to be determined in my doctor.
How long have you had these?
It's about three months.
Gut?
I was shooting season three of Deadbeat.
I almost killed myself in New York with food,
but there's just lots of food and alcohol.
Because that's what they pay you at Hulu.
Yeah, they pay you at Hulu.
They're like, here's more crackers.
Yeah, here's some more crackers,
and here's some,
at least they give me some T-Dos once in a while.
But I got some sort of elimination diet thing going on in my doctor.
I said, why don't we just start with alcohol?
We'll start with alcohol and see where we go from there.
And then it'll be like,
oh, now it's bananas,
and now it's avocado,
man, I would start with bananas.
I know, right?
He got me worried though.
This is a Western medicine doctor.
I think I should go to see some,
like on purpose I should go see some really hokey-whackies.
This is an easy thing to eliminate first.
Yeah, eliminate first is the thing you drink for fun.
Like, I would be like,
eliminate every fucking thing until then,
because that's my toe hold.
Because once you eliminate that,
I'm like, I'm dead.
Like, eliminate avocado, eliminate toast,
eliminate church.
I'm thinking, I'm thinking long game.
I'm thinking like,
I don't want to have to eliminate booze forever.
So if I eliminate it now and figure out some shit,
maybe I can drink in like a month.
Yeah, I hear you.
Rather than just keep drinking through.
And they're like, well, you were fine a month ago,
and then you drank a hole in your guts.
Yeah, I don't know.
And now you can't do it anymore.
I have had some serious intestinal problems,
but they cleared up right after I stopped going to church, so.
Oh, yeah.
I would definitely try that.
Alright, so maybe I should start with church.
Maybe I should start with giving up church.
That's why I've never had gastrointestinal problems.
Must be nice.
Muslim privilege.
Hashtag third world problems.
What if we turn the tables?
Third world problems.
Oh, great.
I don't know where you're going with that.
You're eating rust from a bowl again.
Camille, what have you been up to, Superstar?
Can we talk about your project?
Or is that a secret?
No, what project?
Your movie.
No, we can talk about it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, Silicon Valley comes back April 24th,
and that's going to be great.
That's going to be great.
And then I think we...
I mentioned the movie here once before, right?
He doesn't pay attention.
Yeah.
Alright.
Emily and I wrote a movie.
Unless your vine is louder than his bread.
Since you've eliminated alcohol,
have you experienced any relief from your symptoms?
You mean in the last two days?
I'm trying to help you.
Don't fucking turn on me.
No, I haven't.
I haven't.
Well, it's been four.
What's the day? Sunday?
I never know what day the week it is.
Sunday.
So your last track, Wednesday?
On Wednesday.
Friday. Friday.
So I had about two days of real excruciating stomach pain.
That's why I stopped, because I couldn't stand up.
You think it's ulcers?
Yeah, it might be ulcerative colitis assumption.
I don't know what it is.
But all I know is that after that drinking,
and there was like two nights of drinking before that,
that set me off.
Yeah.
But in the last four days, I feel good.
I just drink like double vodka on the rocks,
which may have also something to do with...
Yeah.
Oh, is that your drink, too?
Dan wanted to hear you say anything other than that answer.
It's the best drink on the face of the planet.
I mean, just vodka and ice is like...
And you got to drink it before the ice melts,
because otherwise you get watery booze,
and then you drink, you know...
Yeah, it goes, it's good.
And you don't want to drink any water by mistake.
No, no, no, no.
Wow.
Not at all.
You don't know what's in that shit.
You don't know what they put in that shit.
It's a race against time.
And I always win.
I win that race, usually.
Dan was hoping you were going to say margaritas.
Or vitamin water.
I drink a lot of moon juice.
I'm resigned to the fact that each of us are snowflakes,
and we don't...
I mean, I'm not...
My big fear is like, you know,
when people, like, their obituaries happen,
and then everybody's like...
I guess that's my way of saying they die.
You know, their obituaries happen.
Oh, my God.
No, there's no recipe for death.
We were just talking about this.
Well, Brittany Murphy, remember?
When her obituary happened?
She died.
And it was like, oh, her lifestyle,
and she did this, and she didn't eat,
and she only put butts on her heads, and whatever.
Like, everybody just sounded off on how she died,
and then moved on, and then her husband died?
And it was because their fucking shower had mold in it,
and it was like...
Is that really what it was?
Yeah, black mold, man.
It'll kill you.
But it was like, shit, man.
Like, I don't know what the point of that fable is,
but it's like...
Fuck.
You know, when people die, just fucking say it's tragic.
Yeah, man.
Or when people go out of their way,
their whole life to be the most healthy part,
like, obnoxiously healthy,
and then they fucking drop dead in the gym.
You know, there's no...
There is no plan.
If we had figured it out,
there would be a very noticeable disparity
between doctor life spans and patient life spans.
It never happens.
We've spent all this money going to these guys
that are doctors or ladies.
Doctors can be ladies.
Guys is unisex.
But it's all their life spans are random, you know?
Like, they're like,
you should eat more peanuts.
They're like, well, what do you do?
You're going to die randomly, too.
Yeah.
That's the point.
That was the whole point in a nutshell.
You're going to die randomly.
I've met more old doctors and comedians.
It's an astute observation.
I think that's fair.
That's fair.
That's because as a comedian,
you're constantly going to the doctor.
All right.
Fair enough.
I don't know, man.
No, that would be noticeable.
People would be like,
Tyler just told you that drinking double vodka is killing him.
Yeah, but what he's saying is that's killing me.
That doesn't mean it's going to kill him.
It's random.
He's not the same.
Tyler has me.
I don't want anybody out there thinking
that this is some sort of fucking PSA
for not drinking vodka.
Drink vodka.
Drink vodka, man.
I wish I could drink vodka with you right now.
Until your stomach bleeds and then stop.
Yeah, and then be like,
is there some way to retroactively fix this,
put a band-aid on it,
and then start drinking again as soon as possible.
Ron Funches did a Great Minds.
He's allergic to alcohol.
I was like, oh, like allergic to alcohol,
like you drink it and then you get really drunk.
No, allergic to alcohol,
like if Ron Funches takes a drink.
Anaphylactic.
Yeah, his throat closes up.
I was like, can you imagine being a high schooler?
Oh, no, I don't want to.
I'm allergic to it.
Yeah, fuck you, pussy.
And like, I bet you he found himself
on the floor of a lot of parties and like,
oh, shame, shame, shame.
Like, we're not all the same.
Shame, shame, shame.
We're not all the same.
I just had an image of him like succumbing to peer pressure.
Like, drink, drink, drink.
And he's like, all right, let me get my EpiPen.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, that's like.
Where's the orange for this guy?
I don't know, like I smoke some weed
and I start checking my polls and freaking out.
And like, the angels are talking to me.
Yeah.
And then Spencer's like, like, you know,
eats a brick of hash for this breakfast
and to keep his hands steady.
That's fresh ice that I poured for the next person.
You can use that.
That's so thoughtful.
Keep talking.
No, I'm talking.
And of course, Jeff is a slave to.
You guys fling a craven on me.
I don't know what that craven thinks.
Decent.
Decent pour.
You are.
You haven't.
I approve.
You haven't had to drink in two days, right?
Four days.
No, I'm okay.
Yeah.
But I go through.
I go through bouts of not drinking often.
I have two small children and a third one on the way.
And thank you.
And I find that it's not it's not so much that it's the drinking.
It's the recovery.
Do your kids drink?
Yeah, they drink.
Man, guys.
Somebody's got to stay in control.
Someone's got to be lucid, you know.
Yeah.
Now, the morning, the morning, the 515.
You're like the designated driver these days.
Yeah, it's bullshit.
How old are your kids?
I have a five-year-old girl, a two-and-a-half-year-old boy,
and a 10-and-a-half-week-old.
That one's a ghost.
Yeah.
No spoilers.
Inspired by Ghost Balloon.
His third kid's a balloon.
You have three children?
No, two with a third.
One is still so tiny.
I shouldn't even be talking about it right now.
Third is imminent.
Well, no.
It's like, it's literally, it's a 10-and-a-half-week-old fetus.
Oh, so many of them.
Yeah.
I told my mom yet.
I don't think my mom knows yet.
Maybe she listens to Harmontown.
Does your mom listen to Harmontown?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She's a big fan.
This is the plan.
This is why I'm here.
Yeah.
I'm having a third baby.
Are you, are you Catholic?
No, I'm nothing.
Some people want children.
You know what it is?
I really, I really like the feeling of coming in my way.
That called me crazy.
I don't know.
I just like it.
I was willing to throw it all away for that one.
And she's like, well, oh, God.
Here he goes again.
We'll see.
That makes two of us, Taylor.
Yeah.
Right, so.
Oh, oh, you mean coming in my wife?
I get it.
He just gave me a pin.
I'm just saying, if your third child comes out wearing a suit, I know who to call.
We'll wait till that.
Again, put a pin in that.
We'll put a pin in that.
The slogan of this podcast is, he comes in his wife and we can't help ourselves.
Which is, it's, can you read it the right way?
It almost works better for that.
He comes in his wife.
Can't help himself.
Comes in his wife.
He can't help himself, though.
He can't, he comes in his wife.
Can't come in himself.
That's not true, though.
I mean, I could.
Okay, you can.
You have to get your wrist going.
Yeah, there's a thing, I think it's called like retro grid ejaculation where you just come up inside your bladder.
Oh yeah, that's no good.
That doesn't happen to everybody in here?
Is that like a choice you make as you're coming like inside and then it goes inside?
I don't know.
I just, I just.
Do you choose or is that a condition?
I just read, I just read about it.
I know, I know as much about it as you do.
If you yell inside in Latin as you're coming, you just come inside yourself.
I don't know.
I just thought it was something that everybody had experienced at one point.
Every time I've come, I've come outside.
Yeah, yeah, that's why it's called retro grid.
I've never had like reverse orgasms.
Well, let me tell you something.
It feels horrible.
What are you talking about when you pinch the, yeah.
No, the only reason I actually know this is because Dr. Drew Pinsky explained it to me once.
I'm not blind.
Apparently what happens is if you.
Did he explain it to you or was it on the radio and you heard it?
Yeah, I was on his show.
Oh, okay.
So both.
It was in the green room.
Yeah.
Split the difference.
Let's bring him out.
He can explain it to you.
Dr. Drew, come on.
I think it's one of those things where if you try to stop the E-jack for too long.
Yes.
E-jack.
This is my theory.
Not do it.
And I guess it can eventually, because it doesn't go back up inside of your nuts.
It goes back up your urethra and part so it can end up in your bladder.
Why are you stopping it?
You pee out your.
Because you want to fuck longer.
Yeah, are you like, people call, is something called edging, I think, where you just keep fucking.
Never heard of it.
Almost there.
Yeah.
Well, there's a thing called edging.
Now, for the Harmontown listeners that have not paid $5 a month to see the live stream,
Tyler is currently edging Rob Schrab right now.
Only $5 a month.
You get to see.
Okay.
So what are you doing?
He's getting an education.
Okay.
All right.
Don't encourage that.
Have a vodka.
Have a.
No.
No word plan.
No sports.
That was great.
Sorry.
I only have two rules.
But wait.
I want to talk about this, obviously.
But when you're talking about not wanting to orgasm for a while, that's different from
pinching the tip.
No, but they're not.
It's not pinching.
It's like hold.
Right.
It's like, it's not literally like you.
It has already happened and you're, it's at the tip and you're just stopping it.
That would just eventually come out.
I think it's like, it's like, it's like the active.
It's the act of actively going to stop, go, stop, ejaculation, if you do that long enough,
you can come inside.
Like thinking about, I know you hate this, but like, you know, when people think about
baseball, when they're fucking, do not come.
It's like that.
Red light, green light, red light, green light, like if you're about to come, you go red light
and then you stop.
Then you come inside you, if you red light too many times, Tyler, you start going the
wrong way.
I genuinely feel like I still want to open this up to the, to the crowd and have other
people talk about their experiences with, with, to a great, spectacular, and you, you
think you have felt the repercussions of that?
No, I've never had it happen to me.
I've had it explained to me.
Is this a wives tale or a husband's tale or a thing?
It's a Dr. Drew Pinsky tale.
It's a, it's a, and if he says it, it's got to be true.
I think it's a thing that happens.
What would be the worst possible scenario that that?
I don't know.
I'm not an expert on this.
I just think, I think if you, I mean, if you imagine, you know, infection or maybe some
kind of sepsis or something.
Yeah, you go, no, there is a, well, look, I, like, what I've read about this is that
there are, there are, he's read about it too.
There are men who are into the idea of you actually physically, like, restrain the actual
emission.
Oh, right.
It's called the Dr. Drew Pinsky.
Oh!
I guess.
That's been our show.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
I don't like it.
I don't like wordplay.
He doesn't like it because if he thought of it, he would have said it.
That's not true.
So true.
I'm, I'm thinking of a thousand puns a minute and just rejecting them.
Give us one you reject it.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
That's a good one.
I like that one.
Uh, uh, uh, why, why are you judging me with your microphone?
That seems like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, and a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a a, a, a, a, a, maybe even better than that.
It's good, it's not good, but it's not bad, it doesn't matter.
I think you could mess up your epididymis, give it some blockage or swelling.
Your epidermis?
Your skin?
Epididymis.
Epidymis.
Well, is the epididymis, is that part of the, is that weird?
Is that weird gum, chewed gum looking feeling thing on your testicles?
Feeling thing.
I don't think I have one of those.
Oh, that's, you gotta get that gum chewed man.
I think epididymis was the Greek God of shriveling.
No, no, no, I do have that on my testicles, yeah.
Um, anyways.
Do you guys, do you guys come a lot?
Oh.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Do you mean like a, like a large amount?
This is a sausage party.
Do you mean like number of times?
No, volume, volume.
Oh, yeah.
Not really.
I don't think I'm coming.
I don't, I don't.
Can I get that too?
I don't know what, I don't know how much, I don't know how much other people are popping.
What about Jeff, what about Jeff, what about Jeff, what about Jeff, Jeff, are you coming
a lot?
Jeff, Jeff, are you coming a lot?
Right now?
I'd say regular amount.
Regular amount.
What's a regular amount?
Can I tell a story really quick about this?
So years ago, my, my, my, my friend's wife was going through like an Eastern meds, Chinese
medicine school.
And she was like.
Yeah, well, to become a doctor, like a naturopath or a, or a homeopathic doctor.
It's not a doctor, but you know what I mean, they call themselves doctors.
And she was like, would you come in for my final exam, which is basically me and my,
my professor, and I'm doing an exam on you in front of the professor.
Yes, there were professors.
Loose leaf.
Yeah.
They're professors.
Loose leaf.
Loose leaf professors.
And, and I went, I was like, yeah, sure, because she was a friend of mine.
I went in there.
Why am I racing through this?
Jesus.
I was like, I'm panicking.
Take your time.
Everybody take it fucking easy.
Let him tell his side.
Yeah, I'm like trying to just like get through it before someone says something, and then
start over.
Okay.
So because of all that sublimated cum you have.
Oh God.
It's all, it's all so backed up.
You get to dilute that with vodka.
I wish.
Oh, come on, man.
That's not, God.
Just tell the story.
All right.
So here we go.
Really quick.
I went into the classroom, guess it's called a classroom, and the professor is in there.
And he's got like eight students in there, as well as my friend Sarah, who's giving
me the exam.
And I was like, I thought it was just going to be me and you and your professor.
And she was like, no, no, no, it's got to be in front.
So can you lay down on the exam table?
I'm going to do some stuff.
And I was like, I thought it was all going to be like questions or whatever.
So she lays me down.
She starts doing some like feely, touchy feely stuff, checking out my vital organs and what
I'm not asking me questions along the way.
Yeah.
So one of the questions was, how often do you masturbate?
And there's nine grown adults right there.
And I'm like, whatever, that's all right.
I masturbate frequently, let's say like two, three times a week, which is a lie.
It's like five times a week.
What?
Yeah.
And that's below.
But I just want to be feeling self-conscious.
I'm surrounded by nine people.
Five times a week?
So I lied about the amount, but now I'm realizing that I'm in a room with many more people
in it.
All of whom jerk off three times a day minimum.
Yeah.
I just, before we move on.
Oh, so I'm like a, I'm a pillar of my strength.
Yeah.
You're like a creaker.
So I think, you know, I'm not super comfortable with this line of questioning.
And then inevitably she, she says, so how much do you ejaculate?
And again, this is in front of a bunch of people.
And they're all like scribbling on pads and looking at me like, this is going down in
some medical text.
Is it?
Yes.
It's called a medical text.
Is it on papyrus?
Is it a scroll?
Yeah.
It's on papyrus.
Yes.
Yeah.
So it's written in calligraphy.
Also, all in Mandarin calligraphy.
The professor or witch doctor.
You have to know how to convert into metric.
Yeah.
Well, this is in Canada.
So we were, yeah, we were already metric.
It's all metric.
Yeah.
But I'm just looking at her like, you fucking asshole, you ambushed me with this weird ass
test in front of all your friends.
And she's like, how much do you ejaculate?
And I was just like, this is a real critical moment in my life.
I'm like, do I totally exaggerate and make myself like, is that a thing?
Is it like, how would you say it?
Like, well, that's what I was like, well, do you mean in like teaspoons, tablespoons?
Uh, you know, we're talking about her ladle, and she was like, she was like, she was only
doing this right, I don't know, like, like, what's she doing?
What is that?
Like, as if it landed on the ground and it just, it just oozed out into her perfectly.
Did she think you're coming a glom or was like, I was making like a fucking tennis ball
of cum?
Like, as if I was making like, like, cum pancakes.
I had a ladle.
Oh yeah.
Put it in there.
There we go.
Okay.
Are they kid sized, cum pancakes?
Yeah.
Child, like children sized, cum pancakes.
I'm something like a Belgian waffle the bottle.
Over a dollar.
I can make, I can make a Mickey Mouse cake for you.
So I just basically, it was like, I was like, yeah.
Yeah.
What is she doing?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
And then, and then, and then I basically finished the exam and left and she gave me a whole
bunch of little meds that looked like rabbit poo pellets.
And this will help with your ejaculation.
And I was like, I didn't, but I told you I come a lot and she's like, she was like,
come on.
It's supposed to be this.
We're all coming full unicycles over here.
So they had like a conference after I left, like that guy needs to come more.
Yeah.
Let's give them these pellets.
So I, what I thought was a gross exaggeration.
They were like, yeah.
No, but it depends.
Like if, if you're like, if that's a really small slide, then it's like, if it's a one
cell height, then I'm coming fucking highways.
That's what I mean, it's all, it's not really relative to like where you're coming in that
situation.
I mean, just put it in washcloth terms.
Yeah.
Like how many socks do you need to wipe up?
It's a fucking dribble.
How many, how many tube socks do you use to wipe up?
Right.
Nobody needs more than one tube sock.
Sometimes I'll recycle.
I'll use the same sock toys.
Then you look down and you're like, nothing happened.
Oh yeah.
I think a fucking hitting home runs and then I look down and it's like a foul ball.
What's funny is that, sorry about the baseball.
Yeah.
No, it's okay.
But, but it's funny that we would think that that would really, I wonder, I kind of wonder
in the back of women's minds like in their most like, I know obviously like, I know the
business casual part of their forebrain, they'd be required to say, of course we don't give
a shit about that, but, but, but somewhere in the back of their head, some, somebody,
you know, there's, I don't know, they want like a monster shooter though.
Why not?
You know, why not?
We have a girl shaking her head vehemently in the front row here.
I think there's probably more back there.
She's an ambassador.
She's like, we don't know what her deal is.
It's like saying, like, oh, it'd be great if this guy like blew his nose way harder
than normal.
This is all this snot.
Well, I don't, it's a healthy amount of snot.
Yeah.
That's, that's in a world where we're all Vulcans.
Yes.
That's exactly how everyone would meet mop move.
But here's the thing, a fucking, like some people are like, yeah, because it's fucking
gooey and gross and give it to me more like fucking, sorry, if we hadn't been taught that
that equal like virility from porno's, do you think that you would just naturally be
like, yeah, if I can feel more like a man, because I, well, I think that's where stuff
comes out and you'd be like, I did something.
I made more stuff.
Yeah.
Yes.
Because I think that shit is so primitive that that is like actually like, that's the,
that's the original, like it goes all the way back.
That's all cavemen ever did was like, how much did you come?
They probably did it in Iraq and like looked at it and then they were like, all right, I'll
be president.
Come contest.
And I'm like, oh, he might have just eaten more broccoli that day.
Oh, oh, oh, it's a comocracy.
Just stop.
I just had you, I already told you the rules.
You know what?
Don't watch that show.
Don't watch Jedby.
It's all about wordplay.
Ghost jokes and puns.
Well, deadbeat itself is a pun.
It's a play on words because he's a deadbeat and he's helping dads beat whatever problems
they have.
It is.
It is a pun.
Deadbeat.
Yeah, that's, that's it.
That's, you nailed it.
Well, I draw, I draw a line between play on words and like puns, you know, and I guess
I mean, very fine line it, you know, okay, you can watch it.
The episode I watched, there wasn't any puns.
I think it's just something that Camille, you were talking about your movie.
Yeah, we, I guess we got a little sidetracked there, didn't we?
Yeah.
Hey, Rob, Rob, that was good controlling that man.
I don't, for the listeners, I just put on my hat.
I just put my hat on.
Okay.
You put your hat on and I'll, I'll take it off.
Locking eyes with me.
I'll take it off.
Okay.
I won't look at you either.
I won't put my vines on while you're eating your bread.
I won't.
Just turn it down.
No one was complaining, everybody was having a ball, we were all enjoying ourselves.
So that's the rule.
If no one complains, keep doing it.
If everybody is smiling.
Was everybody smiling?
Yeah.
Except, okay, he's fucking delusional.
Everyone's smiling.
You think the world is like pollinated by your fucking vines?
Rob, were you doing it to try to get Dan's attention to vibe?
Yes.
Well, you got it.
He just wants you to listen to him.
He just wants to be acknowledged.
He just wants your love, Dan.
Turn your vines down.
But he just, he just wants you to acknowledge his vines.
That's not even you wanting an acknowledgement.
He just wants you to acknowledge his vines.
To cry for help.
It's like a, a six seconds at a time.
If there was, if there was somebody at an adjacent table playing their vines loud enough
for you to hear.
I'd walk over.
I'd be like, oh, do you see this one?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
And we'd, we'd be happy.
Happy.
We just, happy.
Dan, Dan, I'm on your side.
If I'm out at a restaurant, people that leave their ringers on or talk into their phone
like a walkie-talkie or, or, or, or, or, or turn like, like, or watch a movie at the
restaurant.
Yeah.
I want to murder in a Elizabethan fashion.
I want something horrible.
Three things I don't do.
I'm not, I'm not a snob about other people's behavior, really.
But I'm very, very, like, anxious about my own table, like, being judged by other tables.
Yeah.
You just want to keep a low profile.
I'll cop to that.
I want, I want my table to enjoy themselves and have a good time.
Well, I'm not being concerned about other tables.
You skipped my needs in that department.
What?
You, you want your table to have a good time.
Most of us were except for you.
Everybody was having a ball.
We were all having a ball.
How long did this?
Did he ask you to turn down the vines?
I did.
And I did.
And you did?
Yeah.
No.
It's fucking liar.
Liar.
He's lying in front of everyone.
That's all he does is lie.
That's your, your perspective.
What happened?
My perspective is he's lying.
No, no, no, no.
No judgment.
No, no.
Describe the facts.
What happened?
You often turn it down.
What did he do?
The facts are he knows one thing and is saying a different thing.
You said.
It's liar-ish.
Whoa, not to judge or anything, but there's a liafication in the room.
All right, I'm on your side.
He's a fucking liar.
So you said turn down the vines and he didn't turn them down.
Yes, for eight years now.
Yes.
Vines.
I have no idea.
Vines aren't eight years old.
All right.
Don't get hung up on that shit.
He, he, he means vines equals my presence.
He wants my presence to turn.
I see the turn you down.
He wants my, what, if the lower the opacity of my existence, then then he'll be happy.
That's fair though.
Other, other tables.
You're very opaque.
Yeah.
I wish you guys could knew like, like the real Rob Schrab, like who, who like on his
birthday, people are like happy birthday and he's like, no, no, no.
Hates the birthday song.
Hates it.
If, if, if someone else's birthday, hey Rob, let's play Pictionary.
No, no, no.
Like everything's like, oh, hey Rob, can I, can I use a writing utensil?
Utencil.
Like, best of every time I, you're full of hatred.
You're a, you're a hateful person.
It's, it's, it's, you, you, you know, it's, you, you play this.
Not true.
No, he's gaslighting me.
That's not true.
He always makes it look like I'm the bad guy, but he's a monster.
You, you, you hate a lot of things too.
I don't hate, I hate you.
You hate word play.
You hate sports and word play.
You know something I do too.
You know what?
I like you.
I don't get sick of hanging out with you.
Even though you're so mean.
Well, I guess, I guess that's a Schrab of a different color.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday to America.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to you.
It's 9-12.
Happy birthday to America.
Happy birthday to you.
One more time.
Happy birthday to America.
Happy birthday to you.
He can sit here.
We did it.
So, I love the song now.
There currently is no award for best podcast.
I think we should be winning the best podcast award right now.
Camille, you were talking about your movie.
No, I wasn't.
I have nothing to say about it.
I think it is a good podcast, man.
What are we supposed to...
What are we supposed to sit up here and talk about Game of Thrones?
Game of Thrones, people.
Basically, this is what happened.
Last week, I was at the Game of Thrones premiere.
I was hanging out and this gentleman came up to me.
He was very nice.
He was like, oh, I love Harmontown.
I'm a huge fan of Harmontown.
I said, oh, thanks, man. That means a lot.
You know, the normal thing.
And I was about to be like, thanks, man, so much.
And then I was like, oh, my God, this is Grey Worm.
Grey Worm from Grey Worm.
He plays Grey Worm.
So, I got his email and I'm going to bring him up right now.
Please welcome to the stage Jacob Anderson.
Are you here?
There he is.
Yo, yo, yo.
Hello.
I don't drink, but if I was someone who drank,
I would have been very drunk at this party.
I was so drunk.
And I was very...
I was trying to figure out if I said anything stupid to you
or was our interaction fine?
You said so much dumb shit.
Did I?
It was embarrassing.
Yeah, it was, right?
That's how I figured it was going to be.
Jacob...
Yes.
Sorry, this is so weird.
He's a huge...
He's a huge fan of this show.
I've listened to every episode of Armour Town.
I'm a...
And we should probably plug your show too.
It premieres...
April 20th, I think.
April 25th.
April 24th.
It's called Game of Thrones.
Let's get the word out.
Why is it called Game of Thrones
when there's only one throne in it?
That's a great question.
What the fuck, Jacob?
What are you doing?
The central premise of the show and the thrones
is there's this balloon.
And the balloons...
I like the show.
I like it.
I got to start watching the show.
I have a serious question about Game of Thrones.
How does castration work?
Because there are numerous characters
who are without various levels of gonad dairy.
Like...
Reek has clearly been mutilated.
Everything's gone.
Your character, for instance,
and all the unsullied,
they are castrated, which I understand.
The removal of the testes.
Implying that the wiener is still there.
That's my understanding.
So the wiener is still there?
I believe so.
That's a spoiler.
Wait, is that a big plot point this season?
What is the level of genital mutilation?
All the unsullied come in with giant boners.
Martin's not done with the final book.
You don't know what the title is.
It's called What's Left of the Unsullied.
Here's an actual serious question on that note.
But that is a good question.
If I'd gotten the job,
my first question would be,
so what are we talking about?
Is there a penis or nothing?
You don't know.
No, I asked. Who's asked?
What did they say?
I believe the sausage is still there.
The sausage.
That bit.
The baby's on.
I think the dick bit.
The dick bit.
The dick bit is called the dick.
This is genuinely every conversation I have with anyone ever.
Nobody's ever like,
what's north of the wall and when's the...
Jacob, I can't believe how...
You're English, I imagine, right?
Yes.
That's the most English answer.
The sausage.
The dick bit.
What's your serious question?
The Piccadilly Circus.
My serious question, based on that,
is also so you're probably...
This show is like...
Obviously, you have to sign an NDA.
You have to like...
How much trouble are you at risk of?
What do they tell you?
How in the dark are you about plot lines and things
when you do interviews?
Ask me some questions and we'll find out.
By the way,
Jacob, you did tell me a spoiler that night.
You told me something that I don't know if...
Well, I'm not going to say it
because I don't know what level of spoiler it was.
Can you whisper it?
Into a microphone?
Not fair!
You can't do this in front of an audience of big fans.
It's not fair!
I know what it is.
I didn't...
I stepped on your...
I said something...
That's okay. I was done.
It's...
One of your balls goes back this season.
But it's a dragon egg.
But then the...
But then the dragon is...
Jamie Lannister's hand.
And then that hand...
Drowns...
Stone Man...
Jura.
Jura Marma?
I don't know.
I really want to see that show.
You should watch it. It's called Game of Thrones.
Here's a question.
Well, so one of the...
We're all gearing up to watch the next season.
So one of the...
Sorry, Dan. I don't mean to interrupt you.
But I know you're a terrible interviewer.
You don't have to pretend.
I wasn't pretending, but thank you for reminding me.
Just be yourself, Dan.
He's on board already.
I wasn't even trying to interview.
Don't go for the interview.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't even trying to interview.
Don't go for segues or...
I was just going with the flow and asking fanboy questions.
I just wanted to know...
So...
You had that big fight scene.
I mean, you had a lot of fight scenes,
but that big one where everyone's dying
left and right on the edge of my scene.
Which of these fucking guys is going to die
and who's going to live?
In those scenes, how much...
You seem like a fit guy.
I'm not hitting on you, but...
But if you were, it would go a little something.
I like this.
I guess that's a dumb question.
I'm just curious about the amount of stunt
stuntmanery, how that shit works.
How much you have to learn...
How much gonadery, how much stuntmanery...
How much stick twirling did you have to learn?
And what do you...
I don't know.
They really didn't want me to do it.
Because of insurance, I guess.
I'm not sure.
But I did all of it in the last one.
I did all of that. That was fun.
They let you...
That was such a...
Were you trained?
I wasn't courting that, by the way.
Jacob, were you trained
in any stuntman or martial arts
or anything like that before that?
Not at all. It's like dancing.
You just have to be able to count.
If you can count to 30, then you can do a fight.
I bet there's plenty of people here who can count to 30
and can't twirl a sword.
What?
Are you trained in dancing?
No.
Jacob, do you think you could write a juice cycle?
I could try.
Alright.
No, don't.
We can't fucking hurt him.
That's not clever at all.
What if he gets an injury?
Guys, if our podcast kills Greyworm,
we're the best, man.
We're like a new house in Game of Thrones.
I mean, they couldn't kill him over four seasons.
The thing is that I did...
I mean, this is crazy
for a podcast of our level
to have this kind of exclusive, but
we do have a
sneak preview that we're able to
provide.
We have the clip?
No, we don't.
We just got the script.
And Jacob said he would
perform it with us.
That it's a scene.
It's a crucial scene from the new season.
And I...
He told me I had to be in it
in the scene.
Do you want to set the scene up?
Or should...
As you know, for most of the seasons,
they keep introducing new kingdoms and things,
and I'm going to play
a new lord
from House
Cock
House Rockin' Cock.
He's a cool guy
and he's like...
What is it from House Cock and Rock?
Rockin' Cock and Rock.
And you got a Rockin' Cock?
I guess I'm
from the Eastern realms
and I'm kind of like a badass
uncompromising guy.
My firm finds out
that he's actually the bastard child
of...
that he takes his boat back
and finds me
and we do a scene
together.
And then...
Yeah.
I'm like...
I'm like cutting a wild boar.
Dobrokov, Dobrokov, Dobrokov,
Oh
Scary shit, I can put this wild boar in the cupboard
That sounds like my biological son
And I I don't know if when he sees me he'll be happy or sad
So I will take my house's trademark weapon
The bore knife
Out onto the sandy coast of house rock and cock
This is a lot of stairs
So so you're not right on the beach you're you're I'm not very close to the beach
Okay, gotta gotta be we're watching the episode. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta I wonder what something's gonna happen. I don't know
This is a lantern
Well, we can see he's holding a lantern. Why is he saying he's gonna say it? I don't see the lantern
Why is he saying it again? Because I don't want people to think I need
He's talking to us. Yeah, he's talking to us. So what the fuck?
Oh
Next level HBO programming, holy shit
Oh Lord Lord harmonious, I I would recommend you don't walk down those steps alone tonight. Oh, here we go
Use your microphone Rob use your microphone
Hey, you should let somebody come with you
It's it's really really really treacherous
It's really treacherous on the on the staircase
I believe myself more than capable of traversing my own house troll man
Lord harmonious may I send my troll servant with you to protect yourself? It's all a part of the the the the fun here
Yeah, let me let me let me come with you down the stairs
I can't believe this stretched the storyline out over four episodes
Let me hold that lantern for you at this point. I just want them to go downstairs
Cut to cut to Camille and Jacob down to down on the artillery chip
Oh
Like what's your deal down there
Like is it the sausage or the biscuits or
Man, it's just the dick bit. Oh, I don't believe you
Cut back to the staircase back to the staircase
I'll accept your service troll man. All right, but you should know I've heard the rumors
That was a big one
You're so good
What a good boy you are
I told you the staircase is treacherous
This goes in the black trash can not the green one
Take off your pants
There's a dragon coming
Quick take off your clothes and your pants first
This better be a thing take off your pants. Take off your pants. All right, it's a dragon's coming
I don't see one dragon's coming take off your pants. I took them off. Okay. Okay
Cut back to cut back to these uncellied boats. Okay. Hey, we're gonna defeat them. We have dragons on our side. Oh, fuck. They're no wearing pants
We don't have a shot anymore. How did they know that works?
Can you count to 30? Uh one two cut back to the staircase
That was a close one
I guess I'm good news and bad news
Good news is the dragon's gone bad news is I lost the lantern
Oh lord harmonious lord harmonious
Oh, it seems an uncelled ship has landed on the dock. Where's that voice coming from?
I'm right behind you. Am I over here?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no.
Troll take off your clothes. I'm trying. Troll. Troll. Troll. Take your shirt off. Take your shirt off, Troll.
No, that literally actually don't mind me. Actually take your shirt off. There's so many shirts on there.
Oh, yeah. So many shirts. Take your fucking shirt off, Troll.
Harmonious the ship has landed. We're getting out of here. The uncelled are marching up the staircase towards you right now.
I think we gotta run. Then I shall greet them
For as I have learned
One of the uncelled is my seed
Like this or
What I didn't hear how big is it up? I didn't hear how big is the seed? Oh
Dumb nerds stupid
We fast forward to the scene with Aya Stark and the weird faceless guy and a bunch of weird shit
I mean we come back to the staircase. Oh the fucking magic kids. Yeah. Yeah, those magic kids
Oh there yeah, what's going on now identify your kingdom in your home or we'll get get you can you
For me, I'm the lord of my
Yes, lord cock and rock. Hey, you uh, you talk to him first ones wearing no pants ones wearing no shirt
Am I stepping on your cord? You talk to him stage 29 30. Okay. Now you go
Um
hi
Uh, why are you starting with hi go back be badass
Hey
Oh, it's it's me a badass
Todd
I'm so sorry. I sold you to people who castrated you
Father it was what everyone was doing
Wait, uh, this is your dad the apple fell pretty far from the tree
I believe you have my how I'll set a different advantage
I am I'm lured impediment of speech to me
I know you lost your balls, but I think it would have been better than
Being raised by this one one hundred percent
Todd snow
Yes, father
I I hope that past can be forgotten
I need now a warrior to lead my kingdom. There is only one way for the past to be forgotten
A father who sells his son into castration
There's only one way. Hello. Hello
Hello
I'm I'm sorry. Could you repeat that the door was closed? We didn't hear any of that. Oh
It was just muffled. My name is lord high stakes
I raise stakes
The father who sells his own son into castration into the unsolid
Must only settle the score in mortal combat
Oh
With the with the you yeah, you gotta fight your son, bitch
Gotta fight that son you cut his balls off dick now
He he knows how to spin a stick and fucking fuck you up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here. I'll train you. Can you count to 30?
Yes
Let's I don't let's go. I'll hold your room
Oh, my lord, I don't know how this will solve things because lord harmonious training montage
Three pull-ups
At least get to 30
You raped my sister I you didn't really I just I heard that's a thing to say
Oh, that was a new thing
Oh, we're in
Crow we're in crow now crow. We're in crow. We're in crow. Wow the bucket is so much lower
Oh, it looks like shit
Jesus son, please stop stop aren't aren't both of your mom's names Martha
Oh
Seen and seen that's a good that's a good closer
All right, uh, yeah, Mike is this is what that was a rare spoiler for season six of game of thrones you guys
We should
That was good. I like that
Jacob is also by the way a very popular musician as well. You you perform under a different name. Yeah. Yeah, I do
I'm buster rimes
Nobody knows there's a lot of makeup and
It's been hollywood's best kept secrets
It's what what is your musical handle called my musical handle is rally Richie
Rally Richie. Yes, the rally like the bike right and Richie like Lionel
Is my or rich
What sort of music so you're like you're on a badass show
You're a very successful musician. Your voice makes my balls vibrate. I just
Look at this fucking guy
He's got it going on
There's room for both of you
Jacob, Jacob, when did you start listening and why are you are you a Harmontown fan? How did that come about?
Uh, I started listening. I'm a I'm a community fan and um, I don't know. I said that like it was it was some sort of
It's like a a or something. Yeah, I'm a
I'm Jacob and I'm a community fan
What would be his favorite season season four season four. Yeah, I love season four
Really good really really caught the tone finally
They really hit their stride and then somehow lost it. Yeah, I don't know what changed. I don't know
But at least we got season four
No, I haven't actually watched all of season four
In solidarity it upset me. I had to because I just wanted to be a good showrunner and then I got up here. I'll drunk and I
I made bad comments about it that I only meant to be self deprecating about my experience and uh
But uh, I think the people that worked on that season worked very hard and uh, wow, you really gave it up there. Wow
I mean, I yeah
I mean they really
Audio and video was in sync
Seemed like none of the credits were misspelled
Well, that's I mean, I mean, it's gonna be amazing to I mean your character's not dead
So we're gonna be watching this guy and he's gonna be like uh fighting
Gagus and uh
And having having passionate strange
Uh, uh, will they want these with uh with certain, uh, core t.a.'s no spoilers
I have no inside information, but then the every time we watch now this season
We can go like that dude that dude knows who Dave Kline is
Yeah, by the way
Yep, oh shit Jesus
You're you're awesome
I'll give the voice to a lot of people
You're a beautiful creature
It takes it takes a lot of fury to like understand where you're coming from
And like what I'm trying to say is that like there aren't a lot of actors
Who couldn't even attempt to do this shit you're doing
And like where I'm really personally coming from is like I know a lot of hardcore dudes
I like that this is the short version long story short
I'm a I'm a big fan of yours
I am Dave Kline endorsement. Yeah, I just I wanted to say as well. Thank you guys because this is like I'm
I feel like we're all slightly unstable humans in this room
And this this this show sorts me right out when I'm feeling
That's very flattering. Were you when you when you talk to me?
Were you hoping because you I had to convince you to come on stage. Yeah when we were talking were you like, oh, I hope he
Asks and hooks me up with dance. I can get on the shore. Is this like no not at all. No, I was a bit worried
um
I mean actually to use like a community reference. I'm sorry. This is gonna be uh
A fan, but I don't know. I don't know why communities such as
So I'm attaching so much shame to it. Um
Jacob
Here's how much chatters you have right now dan is sitting down at Spencer's table right now
I'm kneeling I'm on my knees
Um, no, I was I was really concerned that that uh with all of you guys
um
That I would have like a Troy Lavarba and kind of experience and I'm I'm sort of having it
Uh, and I'm talking too much, but thank you
You guys are amazing. Thank you so much for coming
Should we should we turn him loose so that he doesn't have to feel the anxiety anymore? I mean
Well, my question was like, are you visiting town right now? Do you live in LA?
No, no, I came down for the premiere and then I just stayed around and you go back to uh, England or what?
Uh, go to new york
You're uh on tuesday and then uh, hey, I'm gonna be there. We should like hang out. Yeah
Okay, cool
Can I can I say hello to my friend george because I didn't tell him
Great worm. Hi george
Uh, yeah, I mean jigga, uh, uh, I started listening to Harmontown about two years ago
So yeah
So before were you on game of thrones already at that point? Were you already shooting game of thrones or or is this the part?
Yeah, yeah, you already were okay. Yeah, can I ask a really mundane question that you must get asked all the time
When you're doing the uh, the other languages like how does that work? Like you get schooled on like on all the uh
It's really boy. I feel like I'm this is a comedy show and I feel like I'm bringing it down
That was my question too. I want to know too. Um, what is it? What does that take all all those languages?
That kind of mind-blowing
Like we get sent an mp3 and we just listen to it
And just you kind of listen to it on repeat see somebody scratch vocals that you just you just kind of mimic
But basically, yeah, really, but then then you have to learn how to like act them act them. Yeah perform them. Yeah
Yeah, can I elaborate on the question? I've always wanted to know as an actor
What is it like acting in a language that doesn't exist?
Like do you just do you just sort of is it all about the emoting at that point?
Like is it all about sort of just your body language?
You pick a triple you pick one syllable ago. That's the syllable that you
Yeah, like what do you land with your dialogue? You know the hardest one is talking to other people that are talking in a different language
You have to like you have to is like picking up cues, but picking up words that don't exist
Oh, so you have to like all right. I think you're done with your gobbledygook time for my gobbledygook
Yeah, basically
I've seen you do that on the show sometimes you're like, oh, okay me
I'm like they should edit that out
Well, I I I have never seen that on game of thrones and that's a real testament to that
I've never seen that moment of like, I don't know what you're saying to me. It's fucking unreal, man
That's why you guys always have to align earphones in your ears when you're speaking in
What is the language of the unsullied?
Valyrian
Do you ever do a take?
It's not a medication
Do you do a take when you you're saying a line in uh that language and director goes, uh, jake, can we take it again?
And and really hit the gobbledygook
Like did they give you notes like like like line reads or just kind of I could be saying any old shit to be fair
I think I think not to undermine the directors just some great directors, but um, but yeah, I think they're very often just like great
How much do you actually have to know your lines?
Yeah, and do you like improvise in the language and like hey, please stay on scrap with the fucking
Fuck in we spent a lot of time writing these syllables
Because you know that yeah, no there's guest directors coming through so they're on their ipad and their fantasy football leagues
And they're like okay great and you're like yeah, I'm the one that has to be here next week. Yeah, exactly. Yeah
Is it like a difficult show to shoot is it like really grueling it feels like it would be like long hours and
It uh, yeah, it's long hours, but it's it genuinely
I really want to come on here and say some like talk some shit about it's like
It's it's it's the best do both was the best job in the world genuinely
It's it's really fun. Is there one like the different cast in different worlds different kingdoms and stuff
What's the best one to be in and what what cast talks the most shit about it's definitely not the wall
Because they're like in fucking cold-ass horrible weather and then everybody else is like warm climbs
What cast has the easiest and what cast has the hardest? Yeah, we have the easiest because we're always in the sun
Yeah
Yeah, but sometimes you get nipple cut off
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true
That's true. I've got you know what I can give you one spoiler for this year. I've got a new yeah
No, you've built it up now. I've got uh
Uh, so no, it's because I was thinking about the heat and I used to I used to wear a tunic that I'd like create waterfalls down
The front of my body in the heat. It was disgusting
It's it's the worst. It's the worst, but I've got I've got a new jacket this year at least five people are turned on by this
Wait, you're jacket. You're you're you're excited that you now have a jacket coming up. This is oh, yeah
But it's because the sun is that hot that it's like like like like actually it's just like so as opposed to it
Beating down on you. Yeah. Yeah, it's a little bit. That's your costume. I mean those costumes are like
It fits a little thing. I'm not talking shit on the show, but like they're they're they're doing so much with so like the production
Level it's like your costume the unsullied are
They're a lot like when I was in sixth grade. I played a tooth
I I was I was the third molar
I was a like there's just there's costumes that are just like they have to be minimal because they also have to
They have to make fucking dragons and they're like, oh, we don't have much money left
Okay, why would you be wearing like a you know popped collar and have like poofy sleeves
He's a slave and stuff. Do you remember the scene when you were a tooth?
I yeah, well, I I was a I was the second molar and I had a
I was I I was small enough that all the kids costumes were grocery bags paper grocery bags
So that's how small we were that our heads went through the upside down grocery bag. We were wearing them as
Oh my god, that's it. That seems safe. That seems like a safe cost. I don't know. We were put your head in this plastic
Tyler it was a plastic bag. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but still there's a whole cut for the neck in the bottom of a
Sure
And then a tooth painted on the front and then my line was you think you've got it bad incisor
We molars grind the food for early digestion
And I fucking belted it out
Is that genuinely the line from that's truly the line that's been in there for that long because my yeah
My family came and they were and I knew it and I was like, I'm gonna fucking steal this show
Oh
Second molar and I was like my definition of acting was like I'm gonna hit the back of the room
Dan what were the reviews like what how did it go?
There was a there was a whole mouth full of teeth
Right, right. Okay, gotcha mythologically. What character do you think that would be in the game of thrones universe?
Hey, jay, uh little finger
I don't know. There's no funny answer to that. No, I think you're right
I think you got it right
But I've got no I am glad to hear you're wearing it
But I'm surprised to hear that you're glad that they're adding layers
But but you're saying you're you're constantly under the beating sun. So adding clothes is good
I this is something I don't understand about you
But are you saying you get to take off the the the skin tight thing and throw a jacket over your skin now?
Is it we're saying instead of wearing both? Yeah, yeah, it's just it's just one layer
But also, I think I mean, I don't want to say anything too bad
I don't I don't want to shit on anyone, but it's very funky
It's a very
It's a very it's a very uh, it's got a kind of disco vibe to it. Oh, I think I mean it smelled bad
Yeah, like you
Mean like parliament funky like all right, but you're into it. You're like we're looking forward to this gray worm is gonna come out
And that's gonna be all right. There's gonna be a baseline
I think we're doing ourselves a great disservice if we don't eventually end this show with a gray worm wrap the sequence
Do you branch into that world you say what what is your what is your uh, no, I'm more of it like a singer
Yeah, but I get because I'm brown
But you I get asked I get asked if I'm a rapper every day
Oh, you can the routine shirt kind of I thought I made some assumptions. I'm not I made some assumptions
I feel bad. So you I'm brown. Nobody thinks I'm a rapper
Well, and they're like, hey, can you help me with my computer?
But also also your your your stage name, uh, Raleigh Richie, that
It sounds a little rappery, but you see things beautifully. It's the least rapid. It's from a Wes Anderson film
You've got a beautiful singing
After we met I listened to your music. It's beautiful. Oh, thanks. What's like, uh, look at
I wasn't doing these things beautiful. What sort of style you remember half an hour ago
I'm working on remember two hours ago when we were talking give me a fucking second
You sing beautifully
But for sure Raleigh Richie can do the Rihanna bridge in my uh in my closing rap
Jacob
Jacob what sort what sort of style would you would you call your music?
Oh
Throne throne throne punk. No. No, this is not
I was gonna become really defensive then
I don't cross the two over
I'm sorry
Like are you a crooner? Like I the dude. Yeah, he's a crooner. You sing
Yes, I
Sorry, it's just something you're a baritone too. Yes, I am
All right
So when Dan does the world's
Greatest rap at the end of the show
Which is coming soon
Because uh, we have to end this thing with a with a giant flourish. Yeah. Well, if you look at all these shows that are premiering
You get your you get your ghost balloons your
Season season 14 longest running live action comedy on tv in history tv. So be there. Thank you
You got that you got that movie that cameo can't shut up about
You get your your your your silicon people
And you get your throne throne gamers
Like it truly is the golden age of television
It really is so like so we go to these hbo events
And you guys are always there and you guys are like these demigods and we're just like fucking trolls in the basement
Like how do we go talk to them?
It's it's you guys are but everyone seems like I got that with you guys. What oh you
I got that. I got that with you guys seeing you. No, you don't. It's very nice
Isn't you don't even know the name of the show. It's fine. You shouldn't know it. Yes
I like isn't hbo great. Yeah
It's not tv
It is a great. I mean, you know, we're doing some great shit
I I actually on sunday
I uh
Went up to martin star and just went martin star and shook his hand and then walked away. Yeah
He was like some fucking weirdo said my name
No, he didn't
Yeah, that was that's the first episode of game of thrones. He's watched was that night. He's never really. Yeah, he doesn't know the show
Well, you guys can leave. We're just gonna work through some shit. We should do the we should do the rap, right?
I think we should
We should do the rap
I I'm done come on. I'm all finished. Yeah
Let's hit the lights. You look at you. You don't get to come back from a three-year hiatus and try to reverse control
All drives all drives
And because you're brown you might have to rap in this one come on. Oh fuck. No
I I really have no rhythm. I have no rhythm. What he'll do it for me. Maybe do you sing at all?
Do I sing? Yeah, no never
No, do you sing in the shower? Do you sing in the car? No, never. No, you never sing. No, can you fix my computer?
Yeah, probably
Serious question come out and I'm not joking. You don't sing to yourself ever. You don't sing when you're alone or in the car
Or anything. I'm gonna truth man. Be honest. I'm not like a no
You don't hum whistle ever. You don't you don't carry it. I can't whistle. I cannot whistle
That's me doing my best for real
I swear, but you can sing happy birthday
Sing sing the first words happy birthday
Oh
Because I'm a friend believer that everybody
Everybody can sing everybody can
He's not he's not great at singing
Little girl, you can hear it. Come out sing on the indoor kids. If you want to hear him sing
It's all on the internet. He doesn't have to do it right now
You can sing everybody can sing. This is this is his way of saying I don't want to sing
I'm not I'm not gonna make you. Yes
No, I'm pretty sure I will then I retract that but I'm saying this is ritual bullying
This is really no, I'm not I'm not gonna make anybody sing
But you do you just sing once in a while you can carry a tune. No for real
Yeah, every question you've asked me. I've answered no
But your voice is so like melodic. Don't fucking patronize me to sing
This shit isn't gonna work. You have this gorgeous melodic
Uh-huh. Okay. Maybe I should give you a very rich timbre to your voice. It's true
Here watch me sing. I'll sing something. All right. Yeah
Yeah
I'm singing a song about being me. I am camell
You see
It's not it's not bullying
It's not bullying sometimes people need a little bit of encouragement. That's all that's all that went
Yeah, bullying is just hyper encouragement
It's extreme encouragement
But but look at the result that was beautiful. There was a touching moment. I didn't know I had it in me
That's why that's why I'm so clean and thin after 43 years
It's just a lot of support around me
I had no idea people wanted me to comb my hair and believed I could. All right, Dan
Dan Harmon
Speaking of hyper encouragement slash bullying. It's time for us to bring this show into the station
Take the stage again. Grab a mic and we're gonna accept your challenge, sir. All right
Yeah
Put your cloak of of of rapping on
Spencer, uh knitted his cloak of rapping earlier before the show. Yeah
Let's just not talk about that cock of rocking
All right, rock and cock. All right. All right. Dan you ready to rock right and then you're gonna do like the kind of uh
uh
crooning like bridgey stuff
if you
I'll I can I can like gesture at you
All right
Oh, oh, yeah
Yeah, put your hoodie on put your hoodie on
Your cloak of rap cloak of rapping cloak of rapping
West side to the east side but mama so hard she didn't need a ride took her to the south took her to the north
Fucked your mama so she ate pork. He was passed over last Easter. Fucked your mama. I tell you pleased her
She got on her knees and more put her head down in the boars
Yes, all right, Dan. I'm gonna stop. I'm gonna stop because it's kind of a yeah
All right, Zach. That was a real fucked your mama rap, wasn't it? Yeah
Zach was heavy on the motherfucker. Zac McKeever has a beat for us. Okay
Okay, yeah
Oh
Here we go, give it to him. Yeah, this comes from the house rock and cock
yo
Yo, yo, yo, ready. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay
This is to get a little okay, right? They ain't ready for this one man. Okay
All right, no, it's this a lot of melody competing but
All right, yeah
It's a good idea. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. My name is Dr. Ken
I'm here again
And I'm here in nine and ten
I'm gonna come back again. Yo, yo
When it starts again
I'm going to be here again when I go down to the evening room. I'm gonna fuck a mama
She's in her womb
Make her pregnant till she has a baby. I'm gonna fuck her. She said maybe if I raise it with you
It'll be rich, but I said, whoa, it's gonna need another stitch a peasy out of me
A peasy-pleasy me. I'm gonna do it through you until you do it to me
I'll take you to a place you've never been because I told you before my name is Dr.
Fuck Dr. Ken
Dr. Ken, Dr. Ken, fucking all the mommas, fucking all the mommas, he's fucking all the mommas, fucking all the mommas, okay
Maybe my bop, maybe my bop, my bop, my fucking momma till she goes under momma, my bop
I put her down in the room, into the tie, put your momma on the plane, so in the tripping time
I got the, uh, put the ceiling down the floor, I fucked your momma a little bit, and I fucked her some more
I put the, fucked her from wall to wall. Side to side, fucked your momma in a narrow opening, and then the wide
Dr. Ken, Dr Ken, fucking all the mommas, fucking all the mommas, fucking all the mommas
Pray word, Dr Ken, Dr Ken
Fuckin' on the momma so the momma's out there
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, gonna do it to you then again
I'm gonna have a slave, let me tell you come again
I'm gonna march through your walls and pray all your people
I'm gonna fuck up your churches and all your fucking steeples
I'm gonna bring all my armies to set your walls
Gonna fuck your momma so I'm just gonna think her name was
Dr. Ken
Thank you for coming to Herod Town already
That's been our show
Let's hear it for Rob Schwab
Special thank you
Tyler LeBene
Camaro Masiati
Nick in the juice cycle
J. J. Bandersen everybody
Steve
I'm Jeff Davis
Your mayor's Dan Harmon
Tried fast to take chances
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show
Feral Audio